Add: telemetry policy to scope page (#192)
pyOpenSci/software-peer-review: about/package-scope.md

## Package technical scope

> 

Author: from @tupui 
I think we should do something similar, provide a template basically and tell how/where the info should be presented to the users

****
leah: i really LOVE this idea of pyos having a badge on its package listing so users know what is being collected IF ANYTHING? that way we are super clear about that in our catalog so it's a value added element. We can also ask maintainers to add a badge / template to their README file and some standard language in there as well.

### Telemetry & user-informed consent

> Your package should avoid collecting usage analytics. With

Author: from @choldgraf @NickleDave maybe something like this instead for the first sentence?

Your package must avoid collecting usage analytics without informing people using it.

> Your package should avoid collecting usage analytics. With
> that in mind, we understand that package-use data can be invaluable for the
> development process. If the package does collect such data, it should do so

Author: ```suggestion
Your package should not collect collecting usage analytics without first informing your users about what data are being collected and what is being done with that data. With
that in mind, we understand that package-use data can be invaluable for the
development process. If the package does collect such data, it should do so
```
